**The Leadership Challenge****Initial Reflection**

*(to be submitted directly into Canvas; length guideline 750-1000 words)*

1. After reading Chapter 1 of The Leadership Challenge with particular attention to competencies that map to the ***five leadership practices*.**
2. Identify the practice that you believe reflects your ***current top leadership strength.***
   * Describe the specific practice you chose and demonstrate to me that you understand this practice.
   * Describe how it manifests in your case, providing *evidence* (i.e., behavioral, communication, and actions that others can see) that this is a strength for you. Be specific – describe observable actions or patterns of your behavior, describe situations where you have used this strength, or report on feedback that you have received from others on this strength.

3. Identify the practice that you believe reflects your ***current top leadership weakness.***
   * Describe the specific practice you chose and demonstrate to me that you understand this practice.
   * Describe how it manifests in your case, providing *evidence* that this is a weakness for you. Be specific – describe observable actions or patterns of your behavior, describe situations where you ran into trouble because of your low skill in this area, or report on feedback that you have received from others on this weakness.

While reflecting upon and detailing your leadership strength and weakness—and the behavioral patterns driving them, I encourage you to:

* Reflect on our first set of class discussions and the results of your personality and coachability reports. How do your personality and related default tendencies serve and/or detract from your influence as a leader?
* Consider how your strengths and weaknesses may be linked. Are there aspects of your leadership style that impact both your strengths and weaknesses?

***Note: Stay in the present and detail where you are right now. Avoid judging yourself and thinking about where you “should be.” Instead, focus on identifying where you are right now regarding the leadership practices.***

Please take time to understand the assignment submission details. Do **NOT** write your reflection as a Google Doc and submit a link.
