You are required to complete an online 360-degree leadership assessment. Please do this first—and start ASAP. This serves as the backbone of our course and will guide you through a self-assessment of your leadership behaviors. You must have at least six other individuals complete a survey about your behaviors. You may invite as many people as you wish, but six respondents reflect the minimum. **Not all respondents will respond, so I encourage you to invite at least eight (more is better).** I recommend that you invite a diverse set of colleagues—anyone who has had the opportunity to observe your behavior in a group, team, or leadership situation (e.g., current job, project teams, coaches, mentors, perhaps past jobs, volunteer or service organizations, or others who have had the opportunity to observe your work behaviors). If you have direct reports, ask them first. You will definitely want their feedback. You should also consider asking peers and your manager(s). I leave it to your judgment as to which individuals can best help sharpen your awareness of your current leadership style and skills. The only criterion is that they have had the opportunity to observe your leadership and influence behaviors—remember, engaging in leadership behaviors does not require having formal authority.

Like all high-quality 360-degree leadership assessments, there is a cost associated with the assessment ($160, which already reflects a 20% off UMN rate I negotiated). I understand that this is not cheap! Accordingly, I was mindful of cost when selecting the remainder of the required assessments/textbooks/materials and chose/developed free versions of other exercises and assessments. And because you are paying for this assessment, please make the most of it by getting started early and inviting ample respondents. Get your money’s worth!

Details for this assignment and how to sign up online for the assessment are attached. **Read the below instructions carefully and pay careful attention to the highlighted PIN and promo code, which links your assessments to our class.** Once you sign up, complete your assessment and select respondents immediately. This process, including your own self-assessment takes only about 10-20 minutes. I encourage you to do it when you have a little bit of headspace to reflect on your own behaviors and style—**as you *are*, not as you think you *should be***. Note: I will gently remind your observers who have yet to complete the assessment by their deadline.

*[LPI 360 – Step by Step Setup Guide, Spring 2026 - UPDATED (Feb 1).docx](https://canvas.umn.edu/courses/544866/files/59433000?wrap=1 "LPI 360 – Step by Step Setup Guide, Spring 2026 - UPDATED (2:1).docx")*

*(We will record your on-time completion for your grade)*
