## Quiz 1

This quiz is based on Modules 1 to 3, including relationation database concepts and SQL queries **(basic, intermediate, and advanced)**. It consists of 20 multiple choice questions.

We advise you to complete **knowledge checks for modules 1-3**, **labs 1-3, and homework assignments 1-2** before attempting this quiz. It would also be useful to review concepts and SQL query patterns covered in the lecture before the quiz. There is **only one attempt** for this quiz.

The quiz must be taken with the **HonorLock** enabled. Before taking the quiz, please **test your HonorLock configuration** using the HonorLock Test assignment.

The **solution** to the quiz will be published two days after the quiz's due date for 24 hours only.

To ensure academic integrity and fairness during online assessments, students must adhere to the following rules:

1. #### No External Resources

   * You **may not** access notes, textbooks, websites, or any other external resources during the quiz unless explicitly permitted by the instructor.
2. #### No Communication Tools

   * The use of any communication devices or applications is strictly prohibited during the exam. This includes, but is not limited to:
     + Cell phones
     + Text messaging
     + Instant messaging platforms
     + Email
     + Social media (e.g., Facebook, Snapchat)
     + Collaboration tools (e.g., Slack, Discord)
3. #### No Information Sharing

   * You **may not** share any content or details related to the exam with others at any time, including before, during, or after the assessment.
4. #### No Soliciting or Receiving Help

   * You **may not** seek, solicit, or receive assistance from others regarding the quiz content or answers.

### Evaluation

**Evaluation**: 20 points (25% of the course grade).

### Due

You need to complete the quiz before Sunday of **Week 3,** by 11:59pm CT.

### **Length:**

Please complete the quiz on Canvas within **60 minutes**.
